>> Jon Kuperman: Color is a tricky one.
So getting back to our checklist,
one big one is page content can't flash
more than three times per second, unless
it's a very small area that's flashing.
So this is like it can invoke seizures,
it can also just be incredibly
hard to read for people.
And so that one is at both at
the bottom and the top level.
A and triple A.
A just allows you,
if you have sufficiently small areas,
it allows them to be A-compliant.
If you wanna be triple A compliant,
you can't have anything flash that often.
There's this really great
Chrome plug-in called NoCoffee.
I think it's worth spending a minute on.
It's this really cool project,
where it simulates a lot of
different visual conditions.
And you can view your website
with these visual conditions and
get some really good insight into.
I think as you get started in
accessibility, you're often thinking,
or I often was thinking about, okay sites
need to work really well for visual and
blind users.
But there's a whole huge spectrum there.
And it's really true, because most people
don't fall into the blind category.
But most people don't fall into
that visual category either, right.
Most people have some sort
of visual impairment.
Even if it's really small and
you just maybe need glasses, or
things are blurry far away.
All the way to no vision.
So this helps you simulate
a lot of different things.
So we can go ahead and
grab this NoCoffee for Chrome.
I might already have it installed.
No, I don't.
Okay, cool.
>> Jon Kuperman: Download interrupted.
Give me my thing.
>> Jon Kuperman: Okay, cool.
So this allows you to go to a site,
we can go to our site here.
And you click on this NoCoffee logo, and
you can see a lot of different things.
So you can fully customize it,
which is great.
You can also simulate some of
my blocked visual fields, so
people that have a blocked,
let me see here.
>> Jon Kuperman: What's going on?
>> Jon Kuperman: I wonder, I think it
might be just that it's over file protocol
that it's not working.
Let me try a different website.
>> Jon Kuperman: There we go, yeah.
I think it's Chrome extensions
can't hit over file.
Okay, so you can go to my Twitter site or
whatever and you can see.
So we can start with Normal and
then we can go onto things like
a blocked central visual field, so
people just kinda have problems focusing
on the thing right in the middle.
And you can go all the way to,
yeah different peripheral ones where
it's kinda hard to see things
on the outside focusing in.
Then you can do a whole lot of different
things with color stuff too, so
you can see all these
different color deficiencies.
Some affect certain sites and some don't.
Somewhere pretty minimum.
Anyway so you can do a lot of
really cool stuff on here.
This isn't necessarily me, I'm not
saying hey you should go through each
one of these things or whatever,
but I think it really can help with
that empathy level of understanding
what different users have.
It goes a little slow when
you add a bunch of them.
But understanding how different
users might see your site, and
just the things that you can do to be,
okay don't put pertinent data
on the very far outskirts, or
make sure that your text is big enough and
well-spaced enough that people
can get those visual indicators.
And it kind of goes back to what I was
talking about before, where it's like
people I've talked to a lot of low-vision
users that they don't want a plain,
no style accessible version of a website.
They just want a little
bit of consideration.
And another really interesting anecdote
from a user who's got low vision,
she has to zoom in very far to see sites
and it's just something to kinda consider.
So she was on Khan Academy doing a lot of
their lessons, like learning JavaScript,
something like that.
And she's on an area where
you write in the code editor.
And she's writing in the code editor and
nothing is happening, it's not passing her
to the next level and she's trying
to figure out what's going on.
Eventually she zooms out and
she sees that on the far
right of the screen is where it tells
you if you have compilation errors.
So she zoomed in on the far left so
she can see it and
any warnings that are on the site.
Again it's not a silver bullet solution
in the sense of, you don't have to keep
everything stacked on top of each other,
but just stuff to be considerate of.
That if you offer something like a zoom
in function maybe, you should put it more
of a straight aligned up and
down visual site from there on.
So I just think those are interesting.
I love the NoCoffee simulator,
I think it's really great.
And I use it a lot for just getting
a better idea of how sites look.